- gotcha we're here at Photokina
2012 in Cologne Germany taking a look at
the Casio Exilim @zr 1000 so this is a
16 megapixel camera it has a CMOS sensor
it has a high ISO 25600 - 25 millimeter
wide angle lens with a 12x optical zoom
and the other cool feature that we have
here is a self portrait mode so we can
actually do you see there we just had
the hand up in the top right corner you
can wave and it'll give you a countdown
and then take your picture so if we back
up a little bit we might get the flash
even leaving there we go there you go so
you can flip this LCD up 180 degrees as
the position in it that's in right now
and another cool feature is on the back
you turn around we have this little
kickstand so there's this kickstand here
it's a little hard to do single-handed
there we go just open up the kickstand
and then you can lean it back and you
can do straight on some portrait shots
like this so it can lean back on its own
as well the display tilts down and like
on some other articulating models that
we've seen so you can tilt it down for
shooting
below the waist like so you can also
tilt it up for some overhead shots
it will be available later this year for
about 350 dollars you do have a
dedicated mode dial right here power
button right there
they shutter release the zoom toggle
video capture button we have a written
control right here on the front of the
camera and right now that's controlling
the 0 so you can actually zoom by
turning this ring if you want to do that
instead of including the zoo clock all
we have left and right stereo
microphones on the top going over to the
back we have a dial control right back
here this ring button changes the mode
of the ring on the front that surrounds
the lens barrel tell you back button
down below a menu button centered
battery and SD card compartment on the
bottom so again this has been a quick
look at the casio exilim EXC r1000 at
Photokina